Docs for v0.5.0 (#24)
stackrlabs/docs: docs/pages/build/framework/batch.mdx

# Batch

Batches are structured collections of blocks within a blockchain. It includes multiple blocks covering specific height ranges along with transaction hash and DA data. Confirmation statuses from ``C3A`` and beyond are fetched from batches.

> Also, batches gets settled on L1 every 6 hours.

Reviewer: this seems wrong, they instead of `structured collections` we should just say `ordered set` maybe. I would rewrite this line to write more on "What Batches solve" in subtle way rather than what they have.
Also, we should write `by default Vulcan is configured to settle Batches every 6 hours or when max blob size is reached, whichever happens first.`
cc: @0xRampey 

you can give more insights on this paragraph

Reviewer 2: You can try writing wrt to what a dev can see, which is SDK and L1. 
So for example, 
MRU blocks are `batched` by Vulcan before they are settled. Each batch is a sequence of one or more linked blocks with some metadata. 
Main motivation for using batch is
- Cost savings:  Cost of settlement can be amortized across `n` blocks by batching them together and submitting a single transaction to L1, instead of `n` separate txs 
- Composability: Vulcan can batch blocks from different MRUs to potentially support atomic execution b/w MRUs and provide composability

You will find batches settled in your AppInbox with the following structure:, etc.

:::info

> As a developer/operator/end-user, you don't need to worry about batches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an SDK user, you don't have to worry about Batches, they are abstracted from the SDK & handled by Vulcan _(verification layer)_.
```

:::

## Batches on Stackr

> A batch in Stackr framework looks like this :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A batch in Stackr framework looks like this
```

```ts [batch.ts]
interface BatchInfo {
  hash: string;
  sequenceNumber: number;
  firstBlockHeight: number;
  lastBlockHeight: number;
  daMetadata: Record<DA, Record<string, never>>;
  l1TransactionHash: string;
  l1BlockNumber?: number;
}
```

> - `hash` : The hash of the batch. It is the merklised hash of the block hashes of the blocks included in the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hash`: Keccak256 of encoded blocksRoot (_Merkle root of the Block hashes_),_ sequencerNumber and width _(no of blocks in the batch)_ of the batch
```

- `sequenceNumber` :  The sequential order in which batches are created, starting from 1.
- `firstBlockHeight` : The block height of the first block included in the batch.
- `lastBlockHeight` : The block height of the last block included in the batch.

> - `daMetadata` : The data fetched from the DA in the Vulcan response for the batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `daMetadata`: Data Pointers of the posted batch on DA _(like blockNumber, height or txnHash etc.)_
```

- `l1TransactionHash` : The transaction hash for the finalisation of the batch on L1.

> - `l1BlockNumber` : The transaction number for the finalisation of the block on L1.

Reviewer: ??
`blockNumber` of the block containing our transaction on L1.
